Visualizations for 3 assignments - AA Meetings, Dear Diary, Sensor

MY OVERALL IMPRESSION OF THESE ASSIGNMENTS:  I enjoyed how 'TIME' was a crucial element to reading data.  The breaking down of data points into how the data can inform our personal lives, through time and information definitely allowed me to see how interpretable and subjective data can be.

AA Meetings -- Simple map, will be interactive - clickable pushpins to indicate AA meetings at a specific time 'after' the time of the click.  The meeting location, address, type of meeting and specifics such as 'handicap access' will display.  This data will be filtered.  There will be a default view (which will (hopefully!) be a list of all AA meetings in Manhattan after the time of the click).  As mentioned when we first parsed the data -- I assume that the AA meeting user needs straightforward information, these meetings are important to their recovery.

Dear Diary --
A type of tree map with all of the pertinent cards that have been pulled over the assignment time, with the query 'highlighted' by date queried -- with some indication of the 'meaning' or 'narrative' (my interpretation).  I'm not sure yet, if I have the ability to make this visualization interactive, although would like to be.  I found the Tarot Card readings daily, a source of inspiration, and structure to my day(s), and looked forward to them every morning!  The default view would be the spread of all of the cards, although there are a total of 78 cards, it seems that as with any card game, there are odds that I won't ever pull certain cards!  I'm the user of this interface -- and found documenting my time/predictions for the day - somehow gave me a sense of time, place and joy.

Photoresister Sensor -- 
A simple calendar visual with color coding of the average read out value.  I can already see a pattern of how the days are decidedly getting darker as we head into December.  I did have some problems with my router at home, which went out unexpectedly, and missed some days -- and  I didn't know that my sensor had stopped reading -- I think I may have inadvertently deleted some data when I reset the photon!  However, I did solve the problem -- and actually had some fun with the challenge of trying to decipher the problem.  Again, I loved the read-out 'passage' of time, and documenting the days in a way that made sense to me -- with light.  I'd like to continue using this (as with the Dear Diary) database until AWS starts to charge me (!).  I'm curious as to what will happen with springtime, and as the days move towards being longer again.  
